0.9.7G changes

Envelope:
there was a bug where the left encoder did not work unless you clicked it, when you clicked on P1 pot of osc1 or 2 ,scan and macro, after being on the extended envelope edit page.

modulation of L,A,H,D,R by any modulator. they update at 3000 hz. 

when a segment has non-zero modulation, velocity, or keyscaling, small letters will appear on the main envelope page to indicate them. the time shown at the top is before mod/vel/ksc are applied.

on L,A,H,D,R segments
the keyscaling can only make envelope segment times longer, 
the segment times increase as pitch decreases, up to a maximum of doubling time per half pitch (octave down), starting around MIDI note 84,

on Sustain segment
as the velocity amount is increased, velocity will increase the sustain level. at the maximum amount (127) 127 velocity change sustain that is set to 0 to maximum.

@MIDI PROXY.
you can set any CV input (or any other modulator) to be the substitute for midi velocity, pitch bend, or mod wheel.

@MIDI 3 transpose MIDI 3 is the next MIDI channel after MIDI 2. MIDI 2 can only be set up to channel 15
notes arriving on MIDI channel 3 will transpose whatever is playing up or down from C4(note 60)

context modulater was added to the osc screen: when you are adjusting pots while in the osc selection/ocilloscope screen and press "mod" it will ususally jump to the mod screen for the last pot you touched.

LFO:
added "bump" and "point" positive going waves.
"bump" is the first 180 degrees of a sine wave,
"point" is a spike created from part of a a rectified sine cubed.
@BPM mode: click the right screen button to make the LFO frequency lock to internal clock, the divider still works. the frequency controls become 1/16, 1/8, 1/8D (dotted) etc. modulation will switch up to 4 x faster or slower.

@internal clock
this is a new screen on "I/O" you can set an internal clock BPM,
there are (right screen button) options for when MIDI clock is recieved.
override = clock BPM changes to measured MIDI clock BPM while clock is recieved.
replace = clock changes to measured MIDI clock BPM and stays that way.

internal clock and it's settings are saved as a system setting so loading new patches will not screw up your timing if they use the internal clock and you are playing.

currently the MIDI clock will be wrong until the first complete bar is recieved, and it takes a bar to "catch up" if you change the midi clock BPM, this will be changed
